	Start work on the voltage stability predictor:
		Currently, the idea behind voltage instability determination is to measure how many times the voltage is going below 0.95 pu and for how long. Also, i want to measure how many 1 pu crossings 
		(see http://qingkaikong.blogspot.com/2017/01/signal-processing-finding-periodic.html) are happening in the voltage waveform and how large the dv/dt values are getting. If the mag of the dv_dt value is exceeding a certain threshold for a given amount of time, we can classify 
		it as oscillation.
		First, work on time series analysis which will indicate whether the voltage is stable long term or not, by analyzing the voltage waveforms. We need to develop a metric in the long run,
		but for now we can just have a binary output.
		Once we can classify the output as stable or unstable, we should test some machine learning algorithms with short term voltage values as inputs and the binary stability output.
	Start going through MPC tutorials
	Learn how to make graphs (especially directed) with networkx. Use it to make directed graphs on a prespecified depth from a certain bus. Below are some useful tutorials:
		https://faculty.math.illinois.edu/~hirani/cbmg/graphs.html
		https://programminghistorian.org/en/lessons/exploring-and-analyzing-network-data-with-python
	#Change the LVMonitor.py so that order of the lines can change, and the fault bus can also change


	#Verify the results of tmp_N_1PF.py. Currently it outputs the average voltage of depth 2 neighbours of the branch after its outaged. Once verified, sort the results in descending order.
	#Extend the work to N-2 contingencies.
	#Automate a way to detect voltage collapse using TS3ph (monitor voltages) and try all sorts of simulations
	#Implement dv_dt plotting
	Test the cases which lead to blow up or converge problems in TS3ph. See what happens.
	Compare PSSE vs TS3ph results for some of the events.
	Split the load in one of the buses (maybe 205) for the event which has the lowest voltage. Initially its just a one step shed, but we should evolve to two step or three step sheds after that.
	
	#Separate out the contingencies which dont converge. Maybe we find something interesting there.
	Try to analyse the voltages values using the dictionary class i created. It can give an idea of which buses consistently have low voltages and then i can isolate nearby loads.
	After thats done, we should implement transformer outages (both ends have to be HV)
	
	
	
	#Instead of considering average voltage of all HV buses,consider the average voltage drop in HV buses within a certain depth of both sides of the branch.
	After figuring out which pockets are the most sensitive, we can split the loads in those pockets into sheddable part and a non-sheddable part. 
	
	
	Figure out how to shed load. Maybe we can run P-V sensitivity analysis to figure out shedding which load will have the most effect.
	Test whether using power flow, we can get the same results for average voltage for line outage as we got from the TS3ph

	For fun: 
	  Try to do a PV analysis using python and PSSE. See if PSSE has a PV analysis tool. Keep increasing load and see how the voltage drops (see G:\My Drive\My PhD research\UVLS\undervoltage_loadshedding.pdf) for reference

	Using N-1 or N-2 technique (disconnecting some branches), we can figure out which events trigger substantial voltage decrease. Based on the most severe disturbances, design a simple UVLS
	scheme to shed some load. Once thats implemented, we can worry about parameters.

	Just implement a simple UVLS technique which disconnects a certain amount of load (uniformly) throughout the system when the voltage (average over a set of HV buses)
	fall below a certain threshold for a certain duration. Can consult MLV2000 for some reference numbers for the parameters.
	
	Figure out how to implement UVLS and UFLS and to tune their parameters, and see whats happening. So, lets say we see a disturbance and subsequent 
	protection being applied, and then we keep track of the voltage and frequency and apply the schemes and see how the power system behaves. Based on the 
	simulation on different UVLS and UFLS settings, we can figure out what are suitable parameters.